README.md, before:

# gameof3
Game between 2 players

Problem Statement:

Goal:
The goal is to implement a game with two independent units – the players –
communicating with each other using an API.

Description:
When a player starts, it incepts a random (whole) number and sends it to the
second
player as an approach to starting the game. The receiving player can now
always choose between adding one of {-1, 0, 1} to get to a number that is
divisible by 3. Divide it by three. The resulting whole number is then sent back
to the original sender.
The same rules are applied until one player reaches the number 1(after the
division). See the example below.

Notes:
Each player runs on its own (independent programs, two browsers,
web-workers, ...).
● Communication via an API (REST, Sockets, WebRTC, ...).
● A player may not be available when the other one starts.
● If you are applying for a frontend position, think of a fancy easily
configurable layout.
Otherwise, the terminal output is okay.
● Please share your project on GitHub and send us the link.
● Try to be platform independent, in other words, the project must be
runnable easily in every environment.


Check configurability
● Review your concepts from DDD
● Watch out for the anemic domain model
● Using events will be considered a plus



Technologies used:

Application Layer
Language: Java
Framework: SpringBoot

Data Layer
Database: TBD
Queue: TBD

Messaging:
Kafka

Note: Added Kafka to handle the case of offline users. When 1st user sends messages to 2nd user and 2nd user is offline, we won't process the messages until the 2nd user comes online, messages will stay in kafka topic.
**Deployment and Hosting:**
Pre-requiste

Step 1:
You must install Docker with the steps mentioned below to work.

Install Docker Desktop on Mac.

Install Docker Desktop on Windows.

Install Docker on Linux (choose your distro on the lefthand side menu).

Installing Docker Compose
For Mac & Windows, if you have installed Docker Desktop, then Docker Compose is included as part of those desktop installs.

For Linux, follow the steps here (and do all the steps)


Commands used:
Update, using Kafka version 3.6.1 which doesn't require zookeeper at all.

To start kafka server: 
Step 1: Go inside the folder where kafka zip file extracted and go to bin folder.
Step 2: Run command : kafka-server-start ../config/server.properties 
Step 3: Create a kafka topic test.

Commit message:

Update README.md for deployment steps

README.md, after:

# gameof3
Game between 2 players

Problem Statement:

Goal:
The goal is to implement a game with two independent units – the players –
communicating with each other using an API.

Description:
When a player starts, it incepts a random (whole) number and sends it to the
second
player as an approach to starting the game. The receiving player can now
always choose between adding one of {-1, 0, 1} to get to a number that is
divisible by 3. Divide it by three. The resulting whole number is then sent back
to the original sender.
The same rules are applied until one player reaches the number 1(after the
division). See the example below.

Notes:
Each player runs on its own (independent programs, two browsers,
web-workers, ...).
● Communication via an API (REST, Sockets, WebRTC, ...).
● A player may not be available when the other one starts.
● If you are applying for a frontend position, think of a fancy easily
configurable layout.
Otherwise, the terminal output is okay.
● Please share your project on GitHub and send us the link.
● Try to be platform independent, in other words, the project must be
runnable easily in every environment.


Check configurability
● Review your concepts from DDD
● Watch out for the anemic domain model
● Using events will be considered a plus



**Technologies used:**
1. Application Layer : Java, SpringBoot
2. Data Layer : MongoDB (for offline users, we fetch all the messages as soon as user logs in/becomes online) 2. Queue: Not Used (will be more light weight and real time)

**Deployment and Hosting:**
Pre-requiste

Step 1:
Install Docker

Step 2: docker-compose up

Step 3:

Set players mode using API to either: auto/man for both players.
For simplicity: use - user1 and user2

curl --location --request PUT 'http://localhost:8088/playerMode' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Basic Og==' \
--data '{
    "player": "user2",
    "playerMode": "auto"
}'

Step 4: 
Run spring boot application.

Step 5:
Go to http://localhost:8088/ 

Step 6: Only when you press -1, game will start.
